Do a little research on Semantic HTML structure. 
Study an article and provide the list below using your own words.

1. Explain the concept.
2. Explain the importance.
3. Explain what each element in the semantic structure represents. (Can be done with a picture).

Add the link to your GeekforGeeks article to your .md file and word document.
Due Sunday, March 1st.


ANSWER
1. Semantic HTML elements are simply elements with meaning.
 Use and definition of semantic HTML elements in the code tells the browser and the developer what they are supposed to do. 
 In simpler words, these elements describe the type of content they are supposed to contain.
 Semantic elements provide meaningful tags that clearly describe their purpose, thereby improving readability, and accessibility.

2. Importance of Semantic HTML.

 It clearly defines the role and content of elements.
 It improves code readability and structure.
 It enhances accessibility for screen readers.
 It helps browsers and search engines understand page content.
 Easier maintenace
 Improves accessibility.
 Cleaner and more readable code
 Easier maintenace.


3. Elements in the semantic structure:

 article: The <article> tag is used for content that stands alone and can be independently distributed or reused, such as a blog post or news article.
 aside: The <aside> is used to place content in a sidebar i.e. aside from the existing content.
 details: This defines additional details that the user can hide or view. "summary" defines a visible heading for a "details" element.
 figcaption/figure: The <figure> and <figcaption> tags are used together in HTML to display an image (or illustration) with a descriptive caption
 footer: This is for the footer located at the bottom of any article or document, they can contain contact details, copyright information etc.
 form: 
 header: This is used for the header of a section introductory of a page.
 main: It defines the main content of the document. The content inside the main tag should be unique. 
 mark: Mark tag is used to highlight the text.
 nav: The nav tag is used to define a set of navigation links in the form of a navigation bar or nav menu.
 table: This is used to create a table.
 section: This is used to split a page into different sections.

 https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/html/difference-between-semantic-and-non-semantic-elements/

 https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/html/html5-semantics/